TERMS OF SERVICE

I. Application Privacy Statement 

We have taken the decision to NOT COLLECT OR STORE ANY INFORMATION about our users on our servers. Any information that you give to our apps is not sent or stored on our servers, everything is used to offer you the services in the app itself and only on your device. We do not identify our users directly as we do not need personal information.

Additional information can be found at: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aztekapps/legal/master/fb-privacy.txt

CONDITIONS OF USE. 

If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to above Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law. 

THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES. 

The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under Our App’s control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Our App of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Our App is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites. 

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS? 

Our App allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing. This list may change in the event the Application changes. 

- Facebook profile: information made public by you

CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION? 

Our site and the services available through Our App are not intended for children under the age of 13. Our App does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience. 

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. 

Our App may amend this Privacy Statement and Terms of Service from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted. 

QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS. 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at unknownscrapper "a t" gmail "d o t" com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. 
